---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kanidm_oauth2_public Resource - kanidm"
subcategory: "Access / OAuth2"
description: |-
  Manages a Kanidm OAuth2 public client.
---

# kanidm_oauth2_public (Resource)

Manages a Kanidm OAuth2 public client.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `displayname` (String) Display name of the OAuth2 client.
- `name` (String) OAuth2 client name (client ID).
- `origin` (String) Origin URL where the OAuth2 client application is hosted.

### Optional

- `allow_insecure_client_disable_pkce` (Boolean) Whether this confidential client may disable PKCE. Only use for legacy clients that cannot support PKCE.
- `claim_map` (Block Set) Claim mappings that define custom OIDC claims for members of specific groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--claim_map))
- `image_path` (String) Optional local path to an image file to upload.
- `jwt_legacy_crypto_enable` (Boolean) Whether Kanidm should enable legacy JWT crypto compatibility for this client.
- `prefer_short_username` (Boolean) Whether Kanidm should emit the bare username in the preferred_username claim instead of the full SPN.
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String) Set of allowed redirect URIs for OAuth2 callbacks.
- `scope_map` (Block Set) Scope mappings that define which OAuth2 scopes are granted to members of specific groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope_map))
- `sup_scope_map` (Block Set) Supplemental scope mappings that are automatically granted and cannot be declined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sup_scope_map))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Stable Kanidm UUID for this OAuth2 client.
- `image_sha256` (String) SHA-256 hash of the local image file last applied.

<a id="nestedblock--claim_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `claim_map`

Required:

- `group` (String) UUID of the Kanidm group to map claim values to.
- `join` (String) Join strategy for this claim name. Valid values: csv, ssv, array.
- `name` (String) Name of the custom claim.
- `values` (Set of String) Set of claim values to grant to group members.


<a id="nestedblock--scope_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope_map`

Required:

- `group` (String) UUID of the Kanidm group to map scopes to.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Set of OAuth2 scopes to grant to group members.


<a id="nestedblock--sup_scope_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sup_scope_map`

Required:

- `group` (String) UUID of the Kanidm group to map scopes to.
- `scopes` (Set of String) Set of OAuth2 scopes to grant to group members.
